The sheep can say
Say it boldly
Let me make a thousand of these ministers who talk about hating you
Let them listen
General Wang
Of course, it can take 30 days to repair tiger teeth in a single name.
Even more than 50 characters
But has General Wang considered raising wages?
Will local injuries occur?
Rich businesspeople build houses in the year of catastrophe
The biggest reason for this is because it is cheap
Only Huya can be this villain
Let disaster victims educate tomorrow
This wealthy local merchant
Will be willing to raise wages
Harvest a good reputation
If Huya earns money and has a conscience
They have no profits and no names.
They are full and can't resist
lamb
Then you didn't go to the temple just to worship Buddha, did you?
Your Majesty's Saintess
I went to the temple
Just to observe the achievements of various temples
Then use your identity to curry favor with the abbot of the temple
Just a happy life
Write a letter before leaving
Tell the temple that it will be renovated sooner or later
It's better to renovate it in the year of the catastrophe
Otherwise, the salary will be more expensive later.
And finally.
Play the banner of Buddha's mercy as saving the people
They have no reason to refuse at all
So rich businessperson
The temple has both profit and influence
And the common people also make money with their own hands
The scenery of each party gets what they want
There is also a way to survive with the disaster victims
No, it's not possible.
This is the kind of sacrifice that a lamb could come up with.
What's the point of holding a big dragon boat event?
Your Majesty
I used to be a heavy farmer and a different businessperson
Commercial taxes are heavy
If you come out on top
Three-year negative tax exemption is conditional
It's not just the local rich merchants
Even wealthy businesspeople from other places must be excited
Under large-scale events
Even the people near Linjiang City
Will flock
This person is more than one
Consumption comes naturally
Not just hotels and shops
All vendors will do well
Find a way to lengthen the competition system
Add multiple booths
After the consumption is pulled up
The disaster under the triple means will naturally pass
Lamb, do you know when this happens?
You will be scolded by the common people
A mere infamy can save thousands of lives
So what?
Besides, my Ding Kung Fu family style has always been like this